There is a god in the heavens who is a revealer of secrets
And he has made known to King Nebuchadnezzar what is to happen in the final part of the day
The divine dream the Daniel interprets for King Nebuchadnezzar
constitutes a prophecy
Crucial for the lasting peace of mankind
Jehovah knows the course of history centuries even Millenniums in advance and
And as the toes of the feet were partly of iron and partly of clay
So the kingdom will be partly strong and partly fragile
History has shown us how every type of human government imaginable has failed
It's only Jehovah who has the ability to guide humans to real lasting peace
He has led his people in the past
So when he prophesies that he'll lead his people to real lasting peace in the future
This is in a prediction
It's a guarantee
The peace we seek is certain under God's Kingdom